- [Nana Osaki] Hey, Nana
Komatsu,
Remember the first time we met?
You know, I don't believe
in things like fate.
So I'm thinking it was nothing
more than a coincidence.
(rock music)
Hi, everyone, and
welcome to Junko's Place.
- [Kyosuke and Shoji]
Hey, how's how's it going?
- Shouldn't it be Nana's place?
- Nope. This is my place.
I am the one who's in charge
here.
- Yeah, sure you are.
- And I gotta tell you guys,
it's been a lot of hard
work on this show lately.
- Even though you've
only got a small part.
- And you know all about
having a small part.
No, what's tiring me
out is Nana.
She's why it's such hard work.
- Oh, yeah?
Who's the one who always
has to look out for her?
Yeah, me. That's who.
Ever since she came to Tokyo,
she's been nothing but
a big pain in the butt.
- [Nana] (giggles) Spring is
here. Spring is finally here!
I've waited so long for this.
- [Both] Huh?
- Nana. She's on her way to
Tokyo.
- [Both] What?!
- One way ticket to Tokyo,
please.
(Nana screaming)
(train screeching)
(playful music)
Okay, I think we should make a
toast.
- Okay, to what?
- Shoji passing his exam?
- That's got nothing to do with
me.
- All right then, what
about a toast to you and me?
- Yeah, I'll drink to that.
A toast to two girls who are the
same age
who happen to be
going to Tokyo at the time,
stuck on the same train.
Quite a coincidence, right?
And there's one more thing.
- Huh?
- A toast to the fact that
both of us are called Nana.
(cans clink)
(classical music)
- Nana! It is you, isn't it?
What a coincidence!
- Who are you?
- [Nana] Am I that forgettable?
- (laughs) Sorry, sorry.
Are you all right, Nana?
- [Nana] So you do remember me!
(classical music)
- Starting tomorrow, you and
I will be roommates, Nana.
(classical music)
- Just what the hell
are you thinking anyway?
- Why not?
Sharing an apartment is what
foreigners do all the time.
I bet it's lots of fun.
- How could you be so naive,
Nana?
You can't just move into an
apartment
with some random stranger!
- Nana, what in hell's name
did you think you were doing?
All right, I've got it.
Let's live together, okay?
- If we live together,
I'm scared you're gonna start
hating me.
I can be a selfish,
spoiled brat sometimes.
- Don't you think I know that
already?
I'm definitely used to that by
now.
- That's mean.
- I'm just kidding.
So you want to do it, huh?
- Shoji.
Thank you for that.
I'm glad to hear you say
it, but there's no way!
Now I've heard those words,
I know how you really feel about
me.
I know that you're picking
me over Sachiko
- Who the hell's Sachiko?
- The thing is you're too nice.
And if we live together you'd
spoil me
and I'd rely on you
for everything.
I don't ever wanna become
a burden to you, Shoji.
- (sighs) Nana's heart
is in the right place
and she doesn't mean to
cause trouble,
but sometimes she just
can't help getting herself
into a big mess.
- But instead of being a
burden on us,
she ended up finding someone
new, that other Nana.
- Yeah, I know. But that's
how things go with our Nana.
- Hey, Nana. Look at these
glasses, aren't they cute?
I can't believe they're only
100 yen!
- Little red strawberries?
- No good?
- If you want 'em, buy 'em.
- Nah, I won't.
- Why not?
- 'Cause if you don't like
them, I don't want them.
There's no point in me buying
them
unless we're both gonna
use them.
- I don't really care what
we use,
let's just get the
shopping done.
- But you don't like the
little red strawberries.
- No, I love little red
strawberries. To eat.
- Then let's get them, okay.
- [Nana Osaki] Now I can see
what Shoji has to deal with.
- What do you mean?
- Well, you're kind of like a
puppy dog.
- I am?
- Well, you're super
friendly, very obedient,
but you need a lot of attention.
Works for me though. I was
thinking to get in a pet anyway.
You want me to buy you
a little treat, Hachi?
- Why Hachi?
Couldn't you have picked
a cuter nickname for me?
- (laughs) So your names
are Nana and Hachi?
Seven and eight, great combo.
- That's not really my name.
You see, I'm called Nana as
well,
but this Nana thought it was too
confusing
for us both to have the same
name-
- I thought it was 'cause
you're like that puppy
called Hachiko.
(puppy barks)
Beer. Want one?
- Yeah.
- Are you kidding me?
You gotta go to work.
- But I'm really, really thirsty
and I'm really, really
hungry too!
And there's nothing to eat here!
- That reminds me, that burger
you bought,
it tasted really good.
Thanks for that.
- You ate the whole thing
on your own? No fair!
- Then why'd you say it
was a present for me?
- [Nana] (gasps) Look at
that cute little bakery.
(screams) What should I have?
Oh, it all looks too good to be
true!
- You really do seem
to have a keen sense of smell.
Just like a dog.
- Hey, Nana, can we just pop
into that music store over
there?
There's a CD I wanna get.
- Yeah, sure. Do you have
a CD player?
If you don't mind a little
portable thing,
you can borrow mine.
- Thanks, Nana!
How great is this? They have
some left.
It's the latest Trapnest
album and it just got released.
They're my favorite band ever.
(Nana Osaki shudders)
You can listen to it whenever
you want.
They're so cool. You're gonna
love it.
Hang on a minute while I go pay.
(melancholy music)
- How do you like this? I
bought it off a street vendor.
A Sid Vicious padlock.
- [Ren] Does that mean you are
Nancy?
- Hmm.
- So you think you can walk me
up?
- Hey, Ren.
Tell me, if I was gonna die,
would you die along with me?
- Yeah, I would.
(melancholy music)
- You know, there's
something about the other Nana.
She's one of those women
who has a past.
- [Kyosuke] I guess so.
- You know what I think,
I think the closer she
gets to the other Nana,
the more distance there
is between the two of you
and your relationship, Shoji.
- Huh?!
- You got that right.
- [Junko] I was wondering
how you managed to find a job
that fast, you big flirt.
I didn't expect the
manager to be so young.
- Koichi Sato, can I get
another burger?
- [Koichi] Coming up?!
- Well, it makes no
difference to me,
but I guess as long as you do
your work and get paid for it,
it doesn't matter what your
motives are.
Even if they are totally
out of whack.
Just try not to freak
Shoji out too much, okay?
When he was drunk last night,
he started grumbling about
you again.
- He was grumbling? And
he's done it more than once?
- Well, I...
- I knew it. I knew it!
Shoji doesn't really like
me after all, does he?
I'm a terrible girlfriend!
- No, It's not that. (sighs)
Shoji just gets worried,
but that's only because he
cares so much about you.
There aren't many guys around
who treat a girl that way,
you know?
So you better treat him good
or else fate will turn
against you.
- Not again. Why are you
always working so much?
Your parents send you money,
don't they?
- The measly amount they send me
is nowhere near enough to live
on.
And once school starts, I
won't have as much time to work.
So I gotta put in as
many hours as I can now
to save up some cash.
- You're spending it all on
your other girlfriend, Sachiko.
Designer bags, designer shoes.
- Yeah, she's got expensive
taste.
(Nana gasps)
I'm joking, I'm joking! You're
the one who started it all.
- Yeah, but when I moved
all the way to Tokyo,
it was to be with you, and
now I hardly ever see you.
You're always working day in,
day out.
I just wish you'd make some
time for me, that's all.
- Maybe you should try
to consider how I feel.
Why should I be the one who has
to work
around your schedule all the
time?
(sighs)
(melancholy music)
I gotta go to work now.
Oh, I just remembered.
Did you text message me last
night?
- Huh?
- No biggie. Guess it
wasn't anything important.
I must have fallen asleep and
didn't hear the phone beep.
Sorry.
- [Nana] Did I text him
last night?
What did I write?
(gasps)
(melancholy music)
(Shoji groans)
- Come on, what's with
all the doom and gloom?
- She's right, relax a little.
You gotta expect love to
have its ups and downs.
- Oh my God, I forgot to tell
you!
The other Nana's putting a band
together.
She's a real
singer.
- Yeah, it's kind of cool.
Don't you think?
- What made you choose a lotus
blossom?
Does it have a special meaning?
- Actually, it's not a
lotus. It's a ren flower.
- Huh? You mean like a
water lily?
- No, it's just a ren.
- So it is a lotus, then?
- No, it's not a lotus.
- I'm pretty sure it's
called a lotus flower.
- Just drop it, okay?
- But it's totally a lotus
flower.
Man, why are you so stubborn?
- Right back at ya!
(doorbell rings)
- Huh? Who could be dropping
by this late?
(Nana Osaki shudders)
- Good evening!
- Nobu! What the hell are you
doing here?!
- Haha, yes. Nice!
The welcome I always wanted!
Yeah.
- Go back to where you came
from!
- Nana, please listen.
You gotta let me stay for
just one night!
- No chance.
- Yeah, but I-
- I don't wanna hear it.
- I ran away from home.
- I told you I don't wanna hear
it.
- Nana!
- It's for his own good.
He needs to smarten up.
Listen, Nobu, you're gonna
inherit that humongous hotel
when your parents retire,
it's time you face reality.
- [Nobu] I didn't ask to be
born into that family, you know?
- Stop being such a
spoiled brat and grow up.
- The only thing in my
life that makes me happy
is playing my guitar.
with you singing.
You know that already.
Don't make me say it again.
- [Nana Osaki] Yasu, listen to
me!
I want you to do something
about this bonehead.
- [Yasu] Sorry, my bad,
but he wouldn't take no for an
answer.
- [Nana Osaki] That is so
lame.
What am I supposed to do?!
- Nothing you can do about it
now.
Nobu's serious about
this.
Why don't the two of you
hunt for some new band mates
and start over down there?
Have you listened to the tape?
- What tape?
- The new song Nobu wrote.
It's pretty good, you know?
And it's gonna be perfect
for your voice.
Once you put some lyrics to
it, it's gonna rock and roll.
(Nana Osaki groans)
(rock music)
- What's the deal? No one here?
Don't tell me the only sold
one ticket to this gig.
That sucks.
Oh, well, we all gotta start
somewhere.
Guess one fan's better
than none.
Hey, good evening. We're Blast.
And welcome to our first
show ever here in Tokyo.
- Good evening, Blast.
- We'll make this a night
you'll never forget.
(Nana gasps)
(rock music)
(singing in foreign language)
- I was looking at the flyer
you've got in the window.
(bass guitar ringing)
(Nana Osaki gasping)
- Huh?
- Ow!
- Nana!
- Oh, man. Sorry guys.
Did I screw up or something?
- Nah, dude, not at
all. You're doing great.
Way better than we expected.
What do you say, Nana?
He's good, right?
Let's let him join.
- [Nana Osaki] So, it's
Shinichi, right?
- That's right.
- Tell me who your
favorite bass player is.
- Ren Honjo!
- Hm.
(Nobu sighs)
(dramatic sting)
- Before you say yes, I want
you to promise me one thing.
And if you can't promise to
do it, you have to split now.
Play better than Ren, all right?
- [Shinichi] Yes, ma'am.
Your wish is my command.
(rock music)
- Isn't this great?
I never expect us to
find someone this fast.
And he's so cute.
And who discovered him?
Who's one made it happen?
- What do you want me
to do? Bake you a cake?
How else can I thank you?
- Hey, don't throw that
on the ground. Honestly!
- Well, thank you, Hachiko.
(rock music)
- I thought you said
you weren't into girls.
You can't just do that to me,
and besides,
I have a boyfriend.
- What a drama queen.
It was just a kiss.
I mean, it's not like
she's a virgin.
(rock music)
Now that we're home,
you should thank your mom
for that money.
- Yeah, I'll call her later.
- Oh, I see.
You don't wanna call 'cause
you're afraid
you'll start crying when
you hear mommy's voice.
- No! Well, maybe I do get
a little homesick sometimes.
Don't you ever feel that way?
- Nope, it's hard
to get home sick
when you don't have a home.
- What's up with you?
You don't always have to
try and act cool around me.
(rock music)
(gasps)
(rock music continues)
- Yasu, we need you.
Blast isn't the same
without you.
- Yeah, I've been too
worried to sleep.
There are lots of law
firms right here in Tokyo.
(rock music)
- [Nana Osaki] Thank you!
- Getting to hear the other
Nana sing for the first time,
managing to find a new member of
the band.
Seems like there's
something new happening to Nana
every single day, doesn't it?
- Yeah, and I bet Shoji feels
like he's been left out of
everything, isn't that right?
Oh, but now you got Sachiko to
keep you company, don't you?
- Right, right, and this
Sachiko is real.
- I'm Sachiko Kawamura.
It's nice to meet you.
- What was your name?
- Sachiko.
- Really? Do you like
designer bags and shoes?
- Huh?
- So that's how it is.
- I know, it's a crazy
coincidence, huh?
- You work at the same
restaurant.
You go to the same school.
You even got the same major.
I bet you two get along great.
- Yeah, but Sachiko
passed the entrance exam
on her first try, so she's
a couple years younger.
- Sachiko.
- Yeah.
She keeps wanting to hang out
with me and stuff like that.
It'd be rude to say no.
- You know, she's
definitely the type of girl
you normally go for,
kind of petite and pale.
Whatever, stuff happens.
- Hey, it's not like that
between us.
- Right, good for you for
having the self control.
Uh-oh, here she comes.
- Hey, coffee okay for you,
Shoji?
- [Shoji] Sure. Thanks
- Mr. Kyosuke, which one
of these do you want?
- Just call me Kyosuke, Sachiko.
She's seriously bad news, man.
But even I think she's cute
and could probably go for her.
This is definitely bad.
(ringing)
(Sachiko and Shoji panting)
- (exclaims) Oh, my shoe! Shoji!
- Huh?
- Go on without me. I lost my
shoe.
- But...
(train whooshing)
(melancholy music)
You knew we were gonna have to
run to catch the last train,
so why'd you wear shoes like
that?
(melancholy music)
- I did it on purpose.
- [Shoji] Huh?
(Shoji groans)
- I knew this was gonna be
bad. I did it on purpose?
- Yeah, she's got you
whipped. I did it on purpose?
- [Both] So, how are you
getting outta this this one?
- Well, that's all folks.
Hope you and enjoyed your first
episode
here at Junko's Place, we
sure did.
- Well, hold on, first
episode?
You mean there's gonna be more
than one?
- Wait and
see.
It all depends on what secret
plans
the demon lord has in
store for us.
Bye-bye, everyone.
- [Kyosuke and Shoji] See you
later.